sports Daaammmnn . Florida got too many tolls.. Coach comin outta pocket every 5 mins -__-
educational RT @TheBlissfulChef: Just heard vegetables will be the new meat in 2011. Woot Woot!
celebrity January 16,2011 @sam_concepcion will be in SM, Cebu!!!!!
dailylife Whew... Thinking did u smile @ me ealier... U were so bsy on the phone lol RT @jadorelexy: I dont smile with too many woman they be phony
technology now you can add objects from Paint 3D to PowerPoint and bring them to life with the new Morph transition
sports Tecia Torres is now 3-0 since losing to Namajunas in a very close fight back in 2016. I wouldn't mind seeing Torres get rematch with the champ next. #UFC218
educational 11 million people with HIV are alive today because of the medicines that @PEPFAR provides. @ONECampaign #AIDSReport
politics Michigan Congressman John Conyers to decide on resignation soon
dailylife Rosa Parks Circle turns into a winter wonderland filled with twinkling blue lights and the laughter of ice skaters!
technology discover the best practices & resources to create awareness and to train your end users for Microsoft 365 adoption
sports Michigan beat Indiana, 69-55, on the 50th anniversary of the first basketball game at Crisler Center.
educational The University was ranked No. 1 in research and development spending among all U.S. public universities for the seventh consecutive year.
celebrity Taylor & Ed performance was amazing
dailylife Why make Pie day a one-day holiday when we can make it a three?
politics LSA Dean Andrew Martin and Elizabeth Birr Moje, dean of the School of Education, announced that LSA and Education classes would not be canceled in response to ongoing student protests this week.
technology .@tfadell, the man who invented the iPhone & iPod, and founder of smarthome connector @nest shares his perspectives on how magic is made. @MichiganAlumni
sports The #B1G season is underway in just 30 minutes. #GoBlue
dailylife Its the little things that strengthen my tiny wings
politics Tax reform bill overnight passing has people calling it 'tax scam bill'
technology New @Qualcomm @Thinkabit_Lab opens at Michigan Engineering Zone in #Detroit
sports Clackamas runs the state of Oregon in sports.
politics U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos on Tuesday approved Michigan’s state education plan under the Every Student Succeeds Act.
celebrity Big Sean and Metro Boomin tease a joint album 
dailylife this and that and this and that and this and with this and that and now stop and new this and new that and knew this and knew that
technology Simulation is important, but @UMEngineering Dean Gallimore says that driverless vehicles need to be faced with trials in real conditions.
sports Michigan starts hot, cruises in Big Ten opener vs. Indiana
educational Meet a leader who inspires me: Chief Mumena is challenging long-held traditions in his community to prevent the spread of HIV
celebrity Netflix cancels Haters Back Off after two seasons
dailylife that bxtch got lippy today at practice.
technology Enterprise social celebrity offers business-appropriate features that can help teams work more efficiently. #WeekendReading
sports #ICYMI - @FSWBucs sweep FSW Classic, improve to 10-0 following 94-65 win over USC Salkehatchie Saturday 
politics About 50 University of Michigan community members gathered to rally against the administration’s consideration of white supremacist Richard Spencer’s request to speak on campus.
celebrity Quentin Tarantino's Charles Manson movie will be released in summer 2019 
dailylife @ninbroken52 LoL Looks like I hit the nail n the head with that one. ;-P
technology New in #OfficeLens on Android and iOS: you can now save your captures as PDFs with no watermark, without signing in or internet access. Update your app now to try! http://
sports BBK final - North Baltimore 54 Elmwood 43. Gritty effort and over came adversity! Great game fellas!
educational The average CEO reads 60 books a year 🤔 That's the key to success. But how do you keep up? With MentorBox...
sports BURG Sports Followers Breaking news Tuscarora kicks a 22 yard field-goal as the clock expires to beat Stafford 20 to 17
politics Multiple women accuse John Hockenberry, public radio icon and former host of WNYC's "The Takeaway", of sexually harassing female colleagues 
technology Chats on economics, coding, music—and even a trip to Mars. Treat yourself to #TalksAtGoogle we fell for this fall.
politics New York reporter on Trump: He had two sports, golfing and lying
politics Michigan's minimum wage increases to $9.25 on January 1
celebrity Mariah Carey fans wonder how she signed autographs like this 
dailylife RT @MensHumor: In my will, I'm going to demand that one of my friends show up to the funeral in the Scream costume and not say a word.
technology Hoverbikes, giant fighting robots & teleportation were once seen as sci-fi film magic. See how 13 futuristic movies predicted next great tech innovations. 
sports No current University of Michigan undergraduate student was alive to see the last time Michigan played North Carolina in basketball. But those who watched the 1993 national championship game will never forget it.
educational The panda who saved his species and more long reads 
celebrity Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! @britneyspears your biggest fan 4evr
dailylife @justinbieber good night &lt;3 I Love You :)
technology Cows in space? Anything is possible with Paint 3D in #Windows10. Add objects from Remix 3D to a photo and make something wild
sports Dude on Fox said there's talk Bama might get in over Georgia? Who is saying this, and how does that person still have a job talking about or writing about sports???
politics Testimony continues in Flint water case against DHHS director
educational Finally, if you find these lessons useful, please share with your friends and let us know your thoughts in the comment section below. 
dailylife Christmas tree shopping a family affair at area tree far
technology Now you can cross iPhone off your wish list.
sports Fall Varsity Sports Awards Join us this Monday 12/4 at 7pm in the SHS Auditorium to recognize our stand out student-athletes
politics Trump says he 'had to fire General Flynn' for lying to Pence  
celebrity Louis Tomlinson returns to The X Factor to debut new single 
dailylife @syabillaedward honestly? I have no idea. I just am...all.the.time. :(
technology Like our Remix 3D creation? Click here to download this remixed desktop for yourself
sports Foxes BKB Final (Goreville Invite): Ham Co 51, Johnston City 41
politics Wednesday, in protest of the administration refusing to deny the request, students rallied in the Diag and marched into other classrooms on campus
celebrity Britney Spears is celebrating her 36th birthday
dailylife i really hate hearing about deadbeat moms!!!
sports "Poor defense and rebounding lapses simply delivered the punches that left the Wolverines bruised by the game’s end."
technology Microsoft Edge arrives on iOS & Android, ViaOpta helps the visually impaired, Kingsman: Golden Circle, and more
celebrity Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran wowed fans with surprise duet
dailylife Be ready for anything because anything goes with me. 
technology Meet the coders, designers and writers behind #AIExperiments, our project to demystify artificial intelligence through games and fun experiences
educational Know the Professionals, Information and facts on Cosmetic Dentist Procedures and Treatments: Anybody unfamiliar